(Fill out this file with brief answers.)

Name(s) and NetID(s) of group members:
Sarah Langleben, sml343
Elisa Kelly, eck92

Time spent on the assignment, in hours: 36

Implementation strategy:
    (describe how you went about implementing the assignment and how the work was divided between the partners.)
We worked on the first few functions independently, then reviewing and debugging them together. As the methods 
became more challenging (starting at maxDepth()) we would code together, discussing solutions and then applying
them. In Main, Sarah worked on implementing csvToTree and Elisa wrote the methods implementing the PhDTree methods.
We debugged and reviewed these parts together, along with writing the test cases and test .txt file together.

Testing strategy:
    (how did you perform testing and design test cases to achieve coverage?)
I tried to make tests as distinct and thorough as possible. When writing the tests I usually started from the most basic case (usually this was a tree consisting
of one person), and then making the tree more complicated from there. It helped to think of the test cases in terms of leaves/roots, and develop tests based on 
what the specification expected the method to do. When writing the test cases I would draw out a complicated tree and then identified nodes that would be different cases, 
and then tested those nodes to see how the methods we wrote behaved under different circumstances within a tree (if the node is a root, leaf, etc). 

Known problems:
    (are there any things that do not work?)
As far as I can tell, no. Everything should be working correctly. (I really really really hope so)

Time spent on the assignment, in hours: 36

Comments on the assignment:
This was good practice to understand how trees work and how to implement them, as well as why recursion is so 
important when learning about trees. The assignment instructions were clear and I feel like it was a good challenge
while not feeling impossible/overwhelming. 